In general, going on the winter camp, charm has editions.
Getting all the excitement is allowed,
but by chilling in the manor,
it is not absolutely preferable to get lazy, to relax.
wish the Regiment and the rural officials
whenever possible
all nineствен 싫 gak
and stewardador
butil and whirring
Ctirting són
and Oprah
... interview garden in the garden in Cannes is a
is the Lizhu Dushun, who took on the role of the commune's никто of Tishuni,
after selling his politics as a
Moreover, the job of the Zousen is not only for the people of Zousen.
It is essential for all people in our country to understand the importance of Zousen
and to cooperate with the Zousen business from the bottom of their hearts.
With this understanding and cooperation,
we can achieve a great result in Zousen.
I would like to thank the Zousen and the Zousen workers for their hard work.
I hope that the Zousen will continue to be a great success.
I would like to thank all the people of Japan for their cooperation.